README.md, before:

# esp8266

### Examples

1. [led](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/led)
2. [button](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/button)
3. [neopixels](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/neopixels)
4. [dht11](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/dht11)
5. [sdd1306](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/sdd1306)
6. [sdcard](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/sdcard)
7. [ota](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/ota)
8. [ap](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/ap)
9. [rgb-lamp](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/rgb-lamp)
10. [sg90](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/sg90)

### NodeMCU

![nodemcu pinout](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lvidarte/esp8266/master/nodemcu_pins.png)

### PlatformIO IDE for Atom

PlatformIO IDE is the next-generation integrated development environment for IoT.

 * [http://platformio.org](http://platformio.org/)
 * [Installation](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide/atom.html#installation)
 * [Getting started with PlatformIO and NodeMCU](https://www.losant.com/blog/getting-started-with-platformio-esp8266-nodemcu)

### Phant IoT Server

Phant is a modular logging tool developed by [SparkFun Electronics](https://www.sparkfun.com/) for collecting data from the Internet of Things. phant is the open source software that powers data.sparkfun.com.

 * [http://phant.io/](http://phant.io)
 * [https://github.com/sparkfun/phant](https://github.com/sparkfun/phant)

### Libraries

* [Arduino core for ESP8266 WiFi chip](https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino)
* [WifiManager](https://github.com/tzapu/WiFiManager)
* [Phant Arduino](https://github.com/sparkfun/phant-arduino)
* [Phant Python](https://github.com/matze/python-phant)

Commit message:

Add link to wiki in main readme

README.md, after:

# ESP8266 NodeMCU Workshop

Check the [wiki](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/wiki) for the full workshop documentation :)

### Examples

1. [led](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/led)
2. [button](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/button)
3. [neopixels](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/neopixels)
4. [dht11](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/dht11)
5. [sdd1306](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/sdd1306)
6. [sdcard](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/sdcard)
7. [ota](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/ota)
8. [ap](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/ap)
9. [rgb-lamp](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/rgb-lamp)
10. [sg90](https://github.com/lvidarte/esp8266/tree/master/examples/sg90)

### NodeMCU

![nodemcu pinout](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lvidarte/esp8266/master/nodemcu_pins.png)

### PlatformIO IDE for Atom

PlatformIO IDE is the next-generation integrated development environment for IoT.

 * [http://platformio.org](http://platformio.org/)
 * [Installation](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide/atom.html#installation)
 * [Getting started with PlatformIO and NodeMCU](https://www.losant.com/blog/getting-started-with-platformio-esp8266-nodemcu)

### Phant IoT Server

Phant is a modular logging tool developed by [SparkFun Electronics](https://www.sparkfun.com/) for collecting data from the Internet of Things. phant is the open source software that powers data.sparkfun.com.

 * [http://phant.io/](http://phant.io)
 * [https://github.com/sparkfun/phant](https://github.com/sparkfun/phant)

### Libraries

* [Arduino core for ESP8266 WiFi chip](https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino)
* [WifiManager](https://github.com/tzapu/WiFiManager)
* [Phant Arduino](https://github.com/sparkfun/phant-arduino)
* [Phant Python](https://github.com/matze/python-phant)
